Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 2 (#5518)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/supported-services/server-access.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Amazon S3 Server Access Logging provides detailed records for the requests that are made to a bucket. Learn more about it in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Amazon S3 Server Access Logging provides detailed records for the requests that are made to a bucket. Learn more about Wazuh and Amazon S3 Server access logging in this section.
```
